Add a page with our compatibility table (#3803)
detekt/detekt: docs/pages/compatibility.md

---
title: "Compatibility Table"
keywords: detekt kotlin gradle compatibility android 
sidebar: 
permalink: compatibility.html
summary: This page lists the version of the Gradle plugins have been used to build Detekt.
---

When shipping the Detekt Gradle Plugin, we depend on both the **Kotlin Gradle Plugin** and the **Android Gradle Plugin**.

Those dependencies are applied as `compileOnly` ([see here](https://github.com/detekt/detekt/blob/75622d3ba88b0ae0357aec5f2d82a55aa6c6d157/detekt-gradle-plugin/build.gradle.kts#L17-L18)) to allow our users to pick the version of the Gradle plugin they prefer and don't impose the one we use inside detekt.

> We try to support b**ackward compatibility** when possible, although that's not always trivial (especially with AGP or across minor versions of Kotlin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We try to support **backward compatibility** when possible, although that's not always trivial (especially with AGP or across minor versions of Kotlin).
```

> This table lists the version of the Gradle plugin we used to compile the Detekt Gradle plugin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the version of the Gradle plugin we used to compile the Detekt Gradle plugin. 
```
